Added a reference to Angular Change Detection in 5 minutes video (#189)
timdeschryver/timdeschryver.dev: blog/help-angular-to-make-your-application-faster/index.md

We already had the `ChangeDetectionStrategy` of all of our components to [`ChangeDetectionStrategy.OnPush`](https://angular.io/api/core/ChangeDetectionStrategy#OnPush), and we're already using pure pipes in multiple places of our application.
These good practices took us far, but not far enough later on in the development phase.

> If you don't know how Change Detection in Angular works, [this video explains it in 5 minutes](https://blog.simplified.courses/angular-change-detection-explained-in-5-minutes/){:target="_blank"}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::info
If you don't know how Change Detection in Angular works, [this video explains it in 5 minutes](https://blog.simplified.courses/angular-change-detection-explained-in-5-minutes/)
:::
```
